deadly virus a city at risk two unlikely
heroes and it's all inside this man's
body this summer we're going into a body
under attack from a killer virus and
contagious you're busted give it up why
you hit so hard
it's the action-comedy but gets under
your skin you have entered the city of
rain into your stomach and up your nose
just the way I like it extra disgusting
please you're going to make me vomit oh
no not again
Chris Rock you're dealing with a white
blood cell here mama shut up what is it
I mean what is it what do you want Chris
Elliott the smell and Bill Murray
hey have some class will you oh my god I
got the giggles osmosis jones I'm
feeling better already
he's good man check it out